# Michael Rohde MIKE ROHDE has a passion for simple and usable design solutions. That passion, along with his lifelong habit of recording concepts and observations through sketching and doodling, inspired him to develop sketchnotes--a practical art that translates simple and complex ideas into easily recalled bits of information. Professionally, Mike focuses on user interface, user experience, visual design, and icon design for mobile and web applications at Gomoll Research + Design in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. As an author, Mike has created the popular Sketchnote Handbook and Sketchnote Workbook series of books with Peachpit Press. In his illustration practice, Mike uses his unique drawing style to amplify and clarify ideas. His work has been featured in REWORK, the best-selling book by Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson; The $100 Startup, a best-selling book by Chris Guillebeau; and The Little Book of Talent by Daniel Coyle. As a sketchnoter, Mike provides live, real-time sketchnotes of events, meetings, and experiences in venues across the United States. He is the founder of The Sketchnote Army, a website dedicated to finding and showcasing sketchnotes and sketchnoters from around the world. Mike has also shared his thinking, design process, and samples of his design and illustration work at his personal website, rohdesign.com, since 2003. [Website](https://rohdesign.com/)- [<h2>Creating the Sketchtoon Coffee Calendar</h2>February 1, 2008](https://ineedcoffee.com/creating-the-sketchtoon-coffee-calendar/)